DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in
\"The Good, The Bad & The Bakugan!\"
DRAGO: The city is empty.
All the citizens have gone.
The news of the arrival of the \"evil Bakugan\" spread quickly
and everyone evacuated as fast as they could.
Only Dan and his friends remain...
And together, we Bakugan and the Battle Brawlers
will do our best to hold back the forces of Naga.
But I'm worried that this could be a battle we cannot win.
Wavern is getting weaker,
and If Naga gets the Infinity Core...
We will lose everything.
Drago, when Naga comes
you know what you have to do.
No matter what happens to me you must protect
the Infinity Core...
You must!
Wavern...
TIGRERRA: Get ready! Here they come!
So we meet again, boy!
Aw, I thought I got rid of you two for good a long time ago.
[laughs] Sorry!
We've come back for a rematch!
I get it!
You don't know when to give up!
Ready Runo?
You bet!
Bakugan... Brawl!
[roars]
Tigrerra and Drago...
I see you're still as stubborn as ever!
You'd make things a lot easier
if you would just join us!
How come they know you Dan?
Are they the same Bakugan you battled in Vestroia?
Yeah!
That was the battle where Nobilion was defeated...
And Drago nearly bought it too luckily for both us,
Masquerade showed up and used Alpha Hydranoid
to push back Centorrior...
I never thought I'd say this but we might not have made it
if it weren't for Masquerade.
Once Centurrior was out of the way Drago was able
to unleash a full attack against Druman.
I thought we'd seen the last of them but I guess was wrong!
We were tricked!
They scammed us, so that they could return
and battle us again!
You mean...
Even the combined power of Drago and Alpha Hydroid
couldn't beat Centorrior and Druman?
That doesn't matter now.
We have to battle them.
Well what are you waiting for Drago?
The last time we met on Vestroia
you seemed a lot braver!
DRAGO: Tigrerra watch yourself!
These two are powerful!
Right!
Drago, Let me take Centerorior this time!
All right!
Then Druman is mine!
It's on Runo!
Right... Okay!
Ability Card Activate!
Fire Tornado!
[\u266a]
You'll have to do better than that Drago!
Oh no! Look out!
If I move, that house will be destroyed!
Tigerra! Get down!
Poor Tig!
She won't be able to take much more of that.
Runo...
We've got to figure out how to get the advantage
on those two!
We need to face them on a battleground
we're familiar with!
RUNO: We've fought all over this city,
where do you think we should go?
DAN: The Park!
The park?
Yeah sure...
That's the place where we first met remember?
\"Kay... Here it comes!
All right! Now it's my turn!
Yeah...
You're out!
Hey no fair!
Bah!
Boy, you sure are a sore loser!
Listen!
Just throw the ball again!
Ha! No way...
That's enough for today!
Hey!
See ya tomorrow?
Wait! Come back here!
I'm not giving up yet!
I want another chance! Come back!
RUNO: No wonder Dan always beats me
when we battle in that park,
he lives right by there and he knows that place
like the back of his hand.
So that's his advantage.
Hmmm?
Maybe he is smarter than he looks.
JULIE: That's it Drago! You got him!
Give him a left... And a right!
Yeah that's the way!
Go! Go! Go!
[scream]
Oh no! I'm out of money!
Hey! Can someone lend me a quarter?
Sorry Julie all I got is this wooden nickel here!
And I only carry plastic with me.
And I already spent my whole allowance.
Here!
Oh! Huh?
What are you doing here?
I'm looking for Alice...
Have you seen her around anywhere?
[panting] Grandfather?
Grandfather?
Where could he have gone to?
I only took my eyes off of him for a second...
I hope he hasn't changed into Hal-G again.
DAN: This is gonna be just like old times.
Yeah Gate Card Set!
Game on... Runo!
Okay! Gate Card, Open!
Warp Gate!
Sweet!
We've got the homefield advantage!
Where are you going Drago!
Right here!
Gate card, open!
Energy Merge!
DRAGO: Prepare yourself Tigrerra,
Dan and Runo are about to try something!
Can you hear me? Runo?
[panting]
Yeah I hear you Dan, but it's not like I can just
zap myself over there in an instant can I?
Take your time Runo!
These blades will keep our old friends busy
until you get here!
Velocity Fang!
Ha! That's what you think!
Dark Eyes Superior!
Vortex Dark Nova!
[chuckles]
MARUCHO: We haven't seen Alice for at least two days...
After her battle with Rabeeder
she just disappeared...
But that's Alice for you.
She's here one minute and gone the next!
I went to her grandfather's mansion
but she wasn't there either!
I hope she's all right.
Maybe we should split up into groups and go look for her.
You're pretty worried about her aren't you?
What's up Klaus?
Well, if you must know...
Unlike you Joe I am a gentleman...
See, I just wanted to make sure
she made it home all right!
[ringing]
Marucho. This is Kato. Come in!
Oh yes Kato?
Kato...
How come we can hear you but we can't see you?
Oh it's probably just a momentary
transmission disturbance.
It will pass.
MARUCHO: What did you want to tell us Kato?
KATO: Well I'm afraid Dan and Runo are in serious trouble!
I can't explain now
but you must help them before it's too late.
There's no time to waste!
Ah! Dan's in trouble?
What are we waiting around here for?
Help is on the way!
Come on who's with me?
I am!
But we can't all go in.
Someone should stay behind to look after Wavern.
We have to protect her.
She has the Infinity Core!
KATO: Don't worry Marucho!
Shun, Komba, and Julio have just finished their battle
and they're right outside Wardington Tower as we speak!
I'll call them and tell them to go to Dan and Runo's aid
right away!
[panting]
Let's move it!
I'm worried about Wavern!
[ringing]
Shun, come in. This is Kato.
Dan and Runo are in a tough spot!
Can you go to the city park immediately and help them.
Please hurry.
They're in great danger!
What about Wavern?
Not to worry.
Wavern is in good hands.
Marucho and the others have made sure
she's well protected.
She's at the top of Wardington Tower.
I understand...
Tell Dan and Runo I'll be there in a minute!
[laughs]
Thank you very much Shun...
You don't know how much I appreciate this...
Time to play...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers will be right back!
And now back to the Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Grandfather! Grandfather!
Grandfather!
[echoing laughter]
Oh!
Grandfather!
Grandfather! Wake up!
Alice?
What happened? Where am I?
I don't know, I turned away for just a second
and you were gone.
I don't remember...
I don't remember anything!
[thinking] He really seems lost and confused...
He must have been overpowered by HAL-G...
Just like the way Masquerade took me over...
You'll be all right Grandfather...
You'll see!
If we get Wavern to expose you to the positive energy
of the Infinity Core I'm sure that'll make you feel better!
Come on! [quiet chuckle]
Let's go to Wardington Tower!
WAVERN: I have something to tell you, Joe.
It's very important.
What is it, Wavern?
My species of Bakugan are very rare.
We only have a short life span...
Sure... I know that...
And Naga knows it as well...
That's why...
He really needs you...
He wants the Infinity Core.
Yes he wants its power all for himself.
But I don't have much time left...
I feel weaker and weaker with every passing day...
And I know Naga is getting closer.
Don't talk like that!
Why don't you use the Infinity Core's
positive energy to make yourself stronger?
Do it now and you'll feel better Wavern!
I can't do that...
The positive energy gives light to everything around it...
It would be wasteful to use it on myself...
No Joe I can't do that.
But Wavern...
You have to take care of yourself...
[clatter]
Huh? Alice?
So you decided to come back!
Huh? Dr. Michael?
Now... Go Drago!
Boosted Dragon!
Not so fast!
Pyrus Reflector!
[\u266a]
Tigrerra! Watch out!
Inferno shield!
Oh no!
They seem to be more powerful than before!
But how can that be?
Vortex Dark Frame!
Boosted Ultima!
You need back up?
Yeah sure... Thanks a lot!
Come on guys! We're on!
ALL: Bakugan Brawl!
Ah, so this is what it feels like
to be in the winner's circle!
Give up! You're outnumbered!
You can't win!
Ha! I'd say we got this one all wrapped up!
A battle between us Bakugan now would be meaningless!
Snap out of Naga's spell and go back to Vestroia
where you belong!
We don't take orders from you, Drago!
Come on, get real!
These Bakugan will shred you if you go up against them!
[laughter]
I think you're forgetting something my young friend.
What's that?
This could be another trap!
I'm very worried about my grandfather,
he could turn into Hal-G again at any moment!
Please help him...
I'm sure the positive energy of the Infinity Core
will keep him under control...
It's the only chance he has!
Wait! Something's wrong!
What is it Wavern?
I feel the Infinity Core inside of me being pulled
towards the power of the Silent Core!
That can only mean my brother Naga is nearby.
Naga?
[laughter]
Grandfather?
Oh no!
He's becoming HAL-G again!
Please Wavern, my grandfather needs your help!
[struggling] No! Naga is too close...
Hold on!
Weren't you supposed to be protecting the Infinity Core
over at Wardington Tower?
Sorry I think that was your job!
Say what?
Hey... Kato said that...
Oh?
Kato, come in! Can you hear me?
I'm here sir...
What's the problem Master Marucho?
I'm not sure...
But tell me.
Did you contact me earlier this afternoon Kato?
No sir...
I've been in the bath all day.
Oh no! Wavern!
Grandfather, hold on!
Don't let Hal-G take you over!
Dr. Michael's not in right now
please leave a message...
[laughter]
My dear, you've helped me more than you'll ever know!
Hal-G!
[laughter]
Everything has lead to this moment!
Naga!
Bakugan brawl!
No!
What's that?
Something's happening at the Tower!
Oh great!
Is that who I think it is?
Naga!
Wavern I'm so sorry!
Look Drago!
I see him!
It's so good to see you again, Wavern!
It's been such a long time!
[roar]
Naga!
That's him! We're done for!
I should have known you'd try something like this Naga!
HAL-G: Things couldn't have worked out better!
Alice, you brought Master Naga
right to Wavern without even knowing it!
And the whole time you thought I was
your kindly old Grandfather!
[laughter]
ALICE: You tricked me!
So what?
Once Master Naga merges the Silent Core
with the Infinity Core, nothing else will matter!
He will become the Ultimate Bakugan!
All will bow down before him or feel his wrath!
[laughter]
Give me the Infinity Core Wavern!
Never!
We're too late!
Drago, do you remember when you said that there was
no way we could win this battle?
[laughter] Looks like you were wrong.
Our mission was never to beat you anyway.
We were playing with you all along.
Just long enough for Master Naga to get his claws
on the Infinity Core!
And I'd say we've succeeded!
No, I won't let that happen!
Vortex Energy Drain!
No one leaves this battle area
until Master Naga gets what he came for!
Face it Drago!
You've lost!
The universe will change and Bakugan like you will become
nothing more than distant memories!
Don't make this harder than it has to be.
Give me the Infinity Core, Wavern!
I said no!
I was always the stronger one.
I deserve this power.
Let me have it or I'll take it from you!
SHUN: Not so fast Naga!
Whirlwind Lightning Sword!
Shun? What are you doing here?
I thought that you were impersonating Kato!
Yeah nice try!
Once I realized that
I pretended to be tricked like all the others,
but I wasn't about to let you get away it!
How did you know?
Kato has good manners and calls Marucho,
Master Marucho!
That's where you went wrong!
You little brat!
Give me the Infinity Core!
Wavern, let me battle him, you're too weak right now!
Thank you Skyress!
I could use a rest.
Naga you're not welcome in this world!
Now go away!
Don't you know if you get in my way
I have to destroy you!
Right! Let's go!
Destruction Meteor Storm!
Sai-curious Shield!
Oh no! He got them! No!
Hang on Shun!
We failed...
I don't understand it.
Storm Skyress you had no effect on him at all!
Naga is too powerful!
What now?
It's bad... We'll lose this...
If no one can stop Naga from getting to Wavern
then it's all over.
I caused all this
so I'm the only one who can put an end to this now!
Hey! No Grandfather! No!
Get back!
Alice!
Hold still...
We're gonna make a little trade boy.
You for the Infinity Core!
So Wavern whatta ya say, is it a deal or not?
Joe!
Let him go Hal-G!
Darkus Riot!
There's nothing in my way now sister...
Why don't you make it easy on yourself
and give me what I want!
You are my brother Naga but I will battle you
to the bitter end if I have to!
[shouting and grunting]
Hey Chan! You're just in time!
Well I didn't want to miss out on all the fun!
Bakugan... Brawl!
Fortress! Show 'em whatcha got!
Ability card activate!
Right Gigante!
Let me at 'em!
Ha! You must be joking!
Ability activate!
Merge Flare Binder!
Is that it?
Or do you humans let the Bakugan fight
all your battles for you?
Ah! This bites!
Wavern's in trouble and we're stuck here!
If we lose to Naga now, then it's all over,
we lose everything!
WAVERN: Coming up on the Bakugan Battle Brawlers,
Naga is close to achieving his goal
of stealing the Infinity Core
and becoming the most powerful being
in the universe.
Luckily the Brawlers are around to try and stop him.
It's sure to be a fierce battle.
Naga has his own forces who are intent
on helping him complete his wicked plan.
It's a classic face off between good and evil.
The fate of Vestroia and planet earth
lies in the balance.
So it's time for you to choose sides,
make sure you don't miss the next exciting episode
of the Bakugan Battle Brawlers!